docs(tracer): clarify escape hatch mechanism (#3056)
aws-powertools/powertools-lambda-typescript: docs/core/tracer.md

### Escape hatch mechanism

> You can use `tracer.provider` attribute to access some of the methods provided by the [AWS X-Ray SDK](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/xray-sdk-for-nodejs/latest/reference/AWSXRay.html).

Reviewer: You say `some of the methods` but in the line 391 you send a link. I thought about something like:

```suggestion
You can use `tracer.provider` attribute to access [a subset of the methods](https://docs.powertools.aws.dev/lambda/typescript/latest/api/classes/_aws_lambda_powertools_tracer.provider_ProviderService.ProviderService.html) provided by the [AWS X-Ray SDK](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/xray-sdk-for-nodejs/latest/reference/AWSXRay.html).
```

Reviewer: This link will work after merging this PR and refactoring the documentation, right? Because it's broken now. I imagine it's because is missing the comment and not creating the API documentation today.

    --8<-- "examples/snippets/tracer/escapeHatch.ts"
    ```

> We only expose [a subset of the methods available](https://docs.powertools.aws.dev/lambda/typescript/latest/api/classes/_aws_lambda_powertools_tracer.provider_ProviderService.ProviderService.html) in the AWS X-Ray SDK for Node.js based on the most common use cases relevant for AWS Lambda and their compatibility with the Tracer utility.

Reviewer: I would remove this paragraph.

1 - You are already explaining it in the first paragraph.
2 - "based on the most common use cases" I think it is vague and doesn't add much.

Author: Removed!

> If you need to access a method that is not available you can import it directly from the AWS X-Ray SDK for Node.js. Compatibility with the Tracer utility is not guaranteed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to access a method that is not available, you can import it directly from the AWS X-Ray SDK for Node.js. However, please note that compatibility with the Tracer utility is not guaranteed.
```
